Indian Stocks Market Intraday Trading tips | Share Market Advice --> "We accept payments only in our registered bank accounts &amp; UPI payment which are updated on the website itself" Home About Services Compliance Investor Charter Compliant Redressal Complaint Data Annual Audit Payment Contact Us Free Trial --> Compliant Redressal Compliant Redressal Compliant redressal and scores to be mentioned on website Client’s queries / complaints may arise due to lack of understanding or a deficiency of service experienced by clients. Deficiency of service may include lack of explanation, clarifications, understanding which escalates into shortfalls in the expected delivery standards, either due to inadequacy of facilities available or through the attitude of staff towards client. Clients can seek clarification to their query and are further entitled to make a complaint in writing, orally or telephonically. An email may be sent to the Client Servicing Team on support@bigbullresearch.com . Alternatively, the Investor may call on 8857055517 . A letter may also be written with their query/complaint and posted at the below mentioned address: Katol, Nagpur Clients can write to the research analyst at bigbulloperation@gmail.com if the Investor does not receive a response within 10 business days of writing to the Client Servicing Team. The client can expect a reply within 10 business days of approaching research analyst. In case you are not satisfied with our response you can lodge your grievance with SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)at http://scores.gov.in or you may also write to any of the offices of SEBI. SCORES may be accessed thorough SCORES mobile application as well, same can be downloaded from below link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ionicframework.sebi236330 Kindly Note Bigbull Research Does not Provide any Profit Sharing, Guaranteed Services. If Any Person Try To Sell Such Type Of Product Kindly Call On 91 - 8857055517 (Investment In Stock And Commodity Market Are Subject To Market Risk) Book Your Profit Today by Researched Based Recommendations 10-digit mobile number Submit Refund Policy SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)Research Analyst - BigBull Research Type: Individual SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)Registration Number - INH000009560 Maujhe Khas Katol Maujhe No-32, P.H.NO-44 Tehsil Katol,NAGPUR,MAHARASHTRA,441302 Standard Warning: Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. Disclaimer: Registration granted by SEBI, and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the Research Analyst or provide any assurance of returns to investors. SEBI SCORES: https://scores.sebi.gov.in/scores-home | SMARTODR: https://smartodr.in/login &copy; Copyright Bigbullresearch . All Rights Reserved