Indian Stocks Market Intraday Trading tips | Share Market Advice --> "We accept payments only in our registered bank accounts &amp; UPI payment which are updated on the website itself" Home About Services Compliance Investor Charter Compliant Redressal Complaint Data Annual Audit Payment Contact Us Free Trial --> INVESTOR CHARTER INVESTOR CHARTER Investor Charter in respect of Research Analyst (RA) A.&nbsp;Vision and Mission Statements for investors Vision Invest with knowledge &amp; safety. Mission Every investor should be able to invest in right investment products based on their needs, manage and monitor them to meet their goals, access reports and enjoy financial wellness. B.&nbsp;Details of business transacted by the Research Analyst with respect to the investors. To publish research report based on the research activities of the RA. To provide an independent unbiased view on securities. To offer unbiased recommendation, disclosing the financial interests in recommended securities. To provide research recommendation, based on analysis of publicly available information and known observations. To conduct audit annually. C.&nbsp;Details of services provided to investors (No Indicative Timelines) Onboarding of Clients Disclosure to Clients To distribute research reports and recommendations to the clients without discrimination. To maintain confidentiality w.r.t publication of the research report until made available in the public domain. D.&nbsp;Details of grievance redressal mechanism and how to access it In case of any grievance / complaint, an investor should approach the concerned research analyst and shall ensure that the grievance is resolved within 30 days. If the investor’s complaint is not redressed satisfactorily, one may lodge a complaint with SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)on SEBI’s SCORES portal which is a centralized web-based complaints redressal system. SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)takes up the complaints registered via SCORES with the concerned intermediary for timely redressal. SCORES facilitates tracking the status of the complaint. With regard to physical complaints, investors may send their complaints to: Office of Investor Assistance and Education, Securities and Exchange Board of India, SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)Bhavan. Plot No. C4-A, ‘G’ Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. E.&nbsp;Expectations from the investors (Responsibilities of investors) Do’s Always deal with SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)registered Research Analyst. Ensure that the Research Analyst has a valid registration certificate. Check for SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)registration number. Please refer to the list of all SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)registered Research Analysts which is available on SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)website in the following link: https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&amp;intmId=14 Always pay attention towards disclosures made in the research reports before investing. Pay your Research Analyst through banking channels only and maintain duly signed receipts mentioning the details of your payments. Before buying securities or applying in public offer, check for the research recommendation provided by your research Analyst. Ask all relevant questions and clear your doubts with your Research Analyst before acting on the recommendation. Inform SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)about Research Analyst offering assured or guaranteed returns. Don’ts Do not provide funds for investment to the Research Analyst. Don’t fall prey to luring advertisements or market rumours. Do not get attracted to limited period discount or other incentive, gifts, etc. offered by Research Analyst. Do not share login credentials and password of your trading and demat accounts with the Research Analyst. Designation Contact Person Name Address where the physical address location Contact No. Email-ID Working hours when complainant can call Customer Care Shashank Verma Maujhe Khas Katol Maujhe No-32 P.H.NO-44 Tehsil Katol NAGPUR MAHARASHTRA 441302 8857055517 support@bigbullresearch.com 3:30 p.m.-6:30p.m. Compliance Officer Shashank Verma Maujhe Khas Katol Maujhe No-32 P.H.NO-44 Tehsil Katol NAGPUR MAHARASHTRA 441302 8857055517 support@bigbullresearch.com 3:30 p.m.-6:30p.m. Kindly Note Bigbull Research Does not Provide any Profit Sharing, Guaranteed Services. If Any Person Try To Sell Such Type Of Product Kindly Call On 91 - 8857055517 (Investment In Stock And Commodity Market Are Subject To Market Risk) Book Your Profit Today by Researched Based Recommendations 10-digit mobile number Submit Refund Policy SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)Research Analyst - BigBull Research Type: Individual SEBI(Securities and Exchange Board of India)Registration Number - INH000009560 Maujhe Khas Katol Maujhe No-32, P.H.NO-44 Tehsil Katol,NAGPUR,MAHARASHTRA,441302 Standard Warning: Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. Disclaimer: Registration granted by SEBI, and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the Research Analyst or provide any assurance of returns to investors. SEBI SCORES: https://scores.sebi.gov.in/scores-home | SMARTODR: https://smartodr.in/login &copy; Copyright Bigbullresearch . All Rights Reserved